Lucky's a game created by known
communists Jarek you in 2009 led our
release with a visual update in late
2012 featuring many spooky creatures
such as skeletons foreigners minecraft
enthusiasts horse vets and lead
programmer Andy hull spelunky sets the
stage as a commentary on white
imperialism during the late 18-hundreds
at face value the game appears to be a
platforming broke leg but upon further
inspection it's just the game rogue how
did Eric you get away with this
navigating the foreign lands as a white
male slave master you destroy countless
artifacts and desecrate both landed
creature alike as request for breeches
in hot tale based on this alone we can
assume that Garrett you was a sociopath
and a danger to himself and others but
this review just is about him and his
affinity for hurting children or his
crew Tanabe is Jewish caricatures it's
about his two-bit Castlevania Naga you
get to choose between multiple races
portraits of different ethnicities as
you try to accumulate wealth and escape
the laboratory for you you can even play
as this guy if you really want to be
immersed in what it's like to be a
British person then Africa during the
1890s aside from that there's not much
of a story yet another example of why no
one takes any game seriously as art but
let's not dwell on just one issue
the game features multiple levels you
can play through such as minecraft South
America Canada Tomb Raider and V if you
take too long in a level it ghost chases
you around I'm not going to point
fingers but it's hard to see a ghost
chase around a black pirate and a jungle
and not see the text written between the
lines the text being I am a racist the
levels change each time you play them to
compensate for Jarrod's lack of levels
cheerleading's which some would like to
call replay value but the only thing I
want to replay is the menu from which I
exit this game comebacks clunky is a
mixture between Super Mario and
Castlevania because this game is
literally just some kind of gangbang
offspring of other games you can buy
some other weapons and abs to help you
but it's all controlled by this
tight-knit Guild of slave masters and
pimps once again showing Eric's lack of
compassion towards minorities women and
anything he doesn't understand
all in all schmuck is a pretty good game
despite the trader of skewed view on
reality it's fun has a little replay
value it really shows how much of
fucking piece of shit this game is
fucking fucking - edited